Documentation rework: cross-check every job template against its workflow (#245)
pyTooling/Actions: doc/JobTemplate/Documentation/LaTeXDocumentation.rst

                     If this parameter is empty, no PDF file will be generated and no artifact will be uploaded.

.. _JOBTMPL/LaTeXDocumentation/Input/miktex_image:

miktex_image
============

:Type:            string
:Required:        no
:Default Value:   ``'pytooling/miktex:sphinx'``
:Possible Values: Any Docker image providing a MiKTeX installation with ``latexmk``.
:Description:     Docker image used to translate the LaTeX sources to PDF. |br|

>                   The default image ships the LaTeX packages Sphinx emits.

Author: ```suggestion
:Description:     Docker image used to translate the LaTeX sources to PDF.
```

For usage with latex code emitted by Sphinx, sphinx specific packages are recommended to be preinstalled.

But this template could be used with any latex code artifact, thus the line was removed. If you want to document my first sentence you could use a matching nested admonition box.

Author: Applied, and your first sentence is documented as a nested admonition, as you suggested:

```rst
:Description:     Docker image used to translate the LaTeX sources to PDF.

                  .. hint::

                     The job template accepts any LaTeX artifact, whatever produced it. When the LaTeX code was
                     emitted by :term:`Sphinx`, an image with the Sphinx specific LaTeX packages preinstalled is
                     recommended - the default image ``pytooling/miktex:sphinx`` is such an image.
```

.. _JOBTMPL/LaTeXDocumentation/Input/update:

update
======

:Type:            string
:Required:        no
:Default Value:   ``'false'``
:Possible Values: ``'true'`` - update the MiKTeX packages inside the container before building.
                  ``'false'`` - use the packages shipped with the image.
:Description:     Update MiKTeX packages before the document is built. |br|
                  Updating costs runtime on every run, so this is meant as an escape hatch when the image lags behind

>                   a LaTeX package Sphinx needs.

Author: ```suggestion
                  a LaTeX package needs.
```

Author: Applied.
